well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the governor of Florida DeSantis we're
gonna talk about education we're gonna
talk about logic faulty logic if you're
if you don't know the governor of
Florida is considering mulling over
reopening the schools in spring like now
wants to get kids back in school there's
no reason to keep them at home he says
before we get too far into this I would
like to point out this is the same
governor that played his part as the
mayor from Jaws and kept the beaches
open when every expert was saying to
close them we see the situation that
caused in South Florida now this is the
same governor that recently attended a
meeting with a glove on one hand and not
on the other and throughout the entire
meeting folding it folded his hands
together touching his face cross
contaminating this is not a man who
actually understands this subject matter
he is probably not the best choice to be
able to override every medical expert
all of the health experts everybody
that's saying no this is probably a bad
idea
his logic behind this is that well it
doesn't impact kids okay first kids do
get they can catch it they can get sick
it doesn't have a high fatality rate
among them but if they're sick and they
go to a school they can spread it to
other people now I understand that when
you think of a school you think of
children and I understand the governor
probably hasn't met with any teachers in
a while but if you go to a school you
will see teachers you will see
janitorial staff you will see the staff
in the kitchen you will see the
administration not all of them are young
so if you send kids to a school and they
become infected they will give it to
people who are older than them they will
also take that home to their parents
if you
pack a bunch of kids into a room it's
more likely to spread this is a really
bad idea
there's no other way to say it I can
understand the desire to reopen schools
I can think of somebody who needs to go
back to one our teachers lives the lives
of those people educating our children
are not something the governor of
Florida should be able to cash in so he
can get a pat on the head from president
Trump and that's what this is there is
no logical reason to reopen the schools
it's just a curry favor to show that
he's ready to reopen the economy with a
bang like the president says and in the
process risk the lives of our teachers
of those people we entrust our children
to they protect our kids we should
probably try to speak up and protect
them now I for one will yank my kids out
of school if the governor opens them
right now I think everybody in Florida
needs to do the same thing because those
teachers will go back to school they
will show up and they will be the one to
pay the price for the governor's desire
to kneel before President Trump
we've got to start thinking of each
other because it's very clear the
government isn't going to there's no
reason to put these people at risk
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day